oh yeah
hey guys I'm in my kitchen today so
we're talking food I wanted to introduce
you to one of my favorite things in my
cupboard and that is powdered peanut
butter
what is powdered peanut butter you ask
well it's kind of exactly what it sounds
like it's powdered peanut butter and you
just add water and then you get this
peanut butter Y powdered peanut butter
actually it does that right on the
bottle it says here I'll tell you why
traditional peanut butter has 16 to 18
grams of fat in two tablespoons our
protein plus powdered peanut butter has
only one gram of fat traditional peanut
butter has a hundred and ninety calories
and two tablespoons our protein plus
powdered peanut butter only has 50
calories so it's like almost a quarter
of the calories and 16 of the facts
right it tastes pretty close to regular
peanut butter I wouldn't eat it by the
spoonful necessarily but it is perfect
to mix in your smoothies or I mix it in
my oatmeal all the time it's a great way
to get the peanut butter flavor mixed in
with something without all of those
peanut about our calories I don't know
about you but I really miss the teaspoon
of cinnamon challenge on YouTube I don't
think anyone's do it anymore it's so -
three years ago I want to try to start
the powdered peanut butter teaspoon
challenge what happens when you put a
spoonful of powdered peanut butter in
your mouth will you spit it out swallow
it
vomit die use your saliva to make peanut
butter oh oh my god can I make peanut
butter in my mouth I don't know but I'm
gonna try the first ever as far as I
know of powdered peanut butter spoonful
challenge
oh no it's not
Clement who got me framed I did it so
good
I made peanut butter using the saliva in
my mouth and it was disgusting
so I want you to try it did we get this
thing going can we start a new meme go
buy yourself some powdered peanut butter
this is at Whole Foods but you can get
Ally also and try the teaspoon of peanut
butter challenge and see if you have
enough saliva to make peanut butter in
your mouth take a video of it I want to
see it let's do this the powdered peanut
butter challenge starts now is waiting
for the plane to pass I'm just waiting
for the plane to pass